Raid Discipline Rules


1 - When you join the raid you accept to spend approximately 3 hours of your time after we started. If you leave or disconnect before the promised time, the reputation penalty will be applied.
(-3 Reputation)

2 - Keep raid chat clean if it is requested you may be punished in case of compliance. Paladins buffs will be announced, ask for missing buffs to assigned paladins via whisper.
(-1 Reputation)

3 - If you are going to be AFK you must inform the raid leader or assistant.
(-1/-2 Reputation Depending on time)

4 - If you have more than two PvP pieces and if this situation noticed you might be banned for further raids. Please leave by informing us of such a case.
(-3 Reputation)

5 - Any kind of insult, indulgence, and argument is prohibited. If you do not stop arguing upon request you'll be banned for further raids.
(-2/-5 Reputation)

6 - Since its PUG we are spending a considerable amount of time on explanation. It's not tolerated to be on "just go for it" mood. Don't let hurry leader, distract or disrupt explanations.
(-1 Reputation)

7 - If you stay until the end of the raid and if you didn't do anything to break raid discipline your reputation will be increased.
(+1 Reputation)

8 - If you are assigned for special task ex. crowd controlling mind-controlled and complete it successfully your reputation will be increased.
(+1 Reputation)

9 - You can change your roll spec but you can't change your roll spec on every boss or stage. You can change once at the start otherwise your loot spec will be considered Main Spec.

==========EXPERIMENTAL==========


Here you can find relevant information and rules for in order to sustain our organization, structure and a peaceful environment.

Archrium takes pride in being a fair organization. To accomplish this task our systems designed upon institutional customs. In other words, personal views are not implemented in our structure. Every system carefully designed and created within the scope of cause-reason relationship and objective perspective.

Archrium uses the variety of systems based upon formulas and points. These formulas and points are open to the public and could be seen anytime.

We have six types of score point for players. These points are mostly for deciding whom to invite raid, rank up and rewarding the raid discipline. You can find detailed information above.

Discipline Point [DP]: These points are earned by the accuracy you have shown for raid times. And general compliance with rules. (Detailed information will be given soon) Cap is 100. Point loss only applied Raider or Higher ranks.
Timing/Attendance

Joining Raids +6
Being Late -1 [Max -5 for a day]
Rerun Miss -15
Joining Raids Less 3 days In a Week -8
Having WP will also cause you to lose DP [-5 for each WP]

Experience Point [EP]: Experience points are there for knowledge of WotLK raids. Earned by killing raid bosses. Each raid has different EP scale. [For Instance: In ICC there is 12 boss you'll reach max 48 EP points]
Strategy/Accuracy

Boss Kill +4
Mistake at Strategy -1 [Max -3 for a boss]

Perseverance Point [PP]: Those points are earned according to statics of damage meters. Capped by 5 Tanks have +1 bonus point.
Damage/Heal

Average DPS 6000-8000 +1
Average DPS 8000-10000 +2
Average DPS 10000-12000 +3
Average DPS 12000-14000 +4
Average DPS 14000+ +5

Loot Labor Point [DKP]: This is loot purchase currency ingame. Executed via addon.
Loot Currency

Gearscore [GS]: Self explainatory. Gearscore is used in some of the guild formulas. Unlike other points Gearscore updated by Officers upon request. You can't request for an update more than once for every seven days. Officer will wrote your update time as soon as your next update available you will be able to see it as green on spreadsheet.

Warning Point [WP]: Those points are given in case of you broke guild rules. Detailed information given in rules section.

==========EXPERIMENTAL==========


Being a Companion of Archrium grants you right to benefit some exclusive services.




Heroic Gear Up Service;


Enchanting Service;


Gem Service;


Flask Service;


Epic Piece Service;


Supervisor Service;

We don't have any gearscore or tactical knowledge requirements to join guild socially except our general rules. Just write /who archrium ingame then ask someone who is online to invite you to the guild.

However, if you are intended to be content creator you may fill the application form on the website to join our community.

Remember, application form is not to decide rank up or judgement. But to determine your knowledge about your class and analyze your gameplay for being able to guide you or fix mistakes.

- Application Acceptance Requirements -


1- Have at least one maximum level character.

2- Presence in our Discord server with a compatible headset and registered account. Primary function of Discord is not voice communication but to announcements for organizations. Its extremely useful since it also leaves notification on phone.

3- Install Mandatory Addons

4- Fill all mandatory fields as described in the application form.